SDK Docs (#572)
dapr/dotnet-sdk: daprdocs/content/en/dotnet-sdk-docs/_index.md

---
type: docs
title: "Dapr .NET SDK"
linkTitle: ".NET"
weight: 1000
description: .NET SDK packages for developing Dapr applications
no_list: true
---

> Dapr offers a variety of packages to help with the development of Python applications. Using them you can create .NE clients, servers, and virtual actors with Dapr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr offers a variety of packages to help with the development of .NET applications. Using them you can create .NET clients, servers, and virtual actors with Dapr.
```
